2018-01-04 17:01:39	@siddharthvipul	let's stay away from politics
2018-01-04 17:02:06	@siddharthvipul	We will be called smart asses and then we won't have a voice to put among teachers that we have earned
2018-01-04 17:07:52	@Jarwin	yeah I guess you're right. Maybe in 3rd year :P but I think it'll also push the teachers out of their comfort zone and will actually see it's easier said than done. Maybe if it's planned carefully we can pull it off. But we don't have the resources and students don't have the maturity to do it!
2018-01-04 17:08:41	@Jarwin	For now we already have a lot comming up
2018-01-04 17:08:42	-->	alice_ (~alice@106.51.106.2) has joined #culug
2018-01-04 17:09:12	--	alice_ is now known as alice_pigasus
2018-01-04 17:10:08	@Jarwin	We'll put this thing aside for the forseeable future
2018-01-04 17:11:02	@siddharthvipul	haha.. good call
2018-01-04 17:11:11	@siddharthvipul	Jarwin, What about the agenda for 6th
2018-01-04 17:11:50	@Jarwin	alice_pigasus, it was about teachers vs students competion. 
2018-01-04 17:11:59	@Jarwin	yeah let's do it
2018-01-04 17:12:06	@Jarwin	hang on let me start logging
2018-01-04 17:12:17	@Jarwin	or siddharthvipul you'll use a bot for logging?
2018-01-04 17:12:32	@siddharthvipul	didn't get time to setup one yet
2018-01-04 17:12:40	@siddharthvipul	have too much stuff going on
2018-01-04 17:12:51	@siddharthvipul	haven't slept for 3 days :|
2018-01-04 17:13:20	@siddharthvipul	Also, supybot was giving some problem when I tried.. will try again
2018-01-04 17:13:26	@siddharthvipul	maybe after this week
2018-01-04 17:13:41	@Jarwin	oh, letit be, i've done it the old fashioned way
2018-01-04 17:13:46	@Jarwin	anyway attendence 
2018-01-04 17:13:49	 *	Jarwin
2018-01-04 17:14:02	 *	siddharthvipul and only /me is here
2018-01-04 17:14:43	@siddharthvipul	This is not a meeting though, we need more members for that. This is more of a discussion :p
2018-01-04 17:15:00	 *	alice_pigasus gives attendance anyway
2018-01-04 17:15:05	@Jarwin	yeah, okay
2018-01-04 17:15:07	@Jarwin	cool
2018-01-04 17:15:09	@Jarwin	so for 6th
2018-01-04 17:15:26	@Jarwin	we'll distribute a google form to get a heads up 
2018-01-04 17:15:32	@Jarwin	for the crowd 
2018-01-04 17:15:43	@Jarwin	I'm expecting 15-20 ?
2018-01-04 17:15:56	@Jarwin	Too much/too less/just about right?
2018-01-04 17:16:17	@siddharthvipul	too less
2018-01-04 17:16:22	@siddharthvipul	30 i am expecting
2018-01-04 17:16:30	@siddharthvipul	anyway, it doesn't matter
2018-01-04 17:17:02	@Jarwin	yeah, i'll make a ppt
2018-01-04 17:17:08	@Jarwin	not ppt ppt! ppt ppt
2018-01-04 17:17:21	@siddharthvipul	I say basic commands like pwd, cd, ls etc then introduce effective tools like terminator, gparted, vim etc
2018-01-04 17:17:28	@siddharthvipul	nothing much in detail
2018-01-04 17:17:35	@Jarwin	installing software
2018-01-04 17:17:37	@siddharthvipul	just give them a taste of it
2018-01-04 17:17:39	@siddharthvipul	yeah
2018-01-04 17:17:52	@siddharthvipul	etc had covered that.. also service commands :p
2018-01-04 17:18:09	@siddharthvipul	I was thinking if we could do VMs and then ssh
2018-01-04 17:18:14	@Jarwin	service commands
2018-01-04 17:18:18	@Jarwin	yeah ssh
2018-01-04 17:18:22	@siddharthvipul	vagrant will be too much I guess
2018-01-04 17:18:34	@Jarwin	but it's a bit of a bi.ch to start ssh service in fedora
2018-01-04 17:18:49	@siddharthvipul	no.. I have been using it everyday
2018-01-04 17:18:50	@Jarwin	You have to enable the ssh deamon
2018-01-04 17:18:50	@siddharthvipul	why?
2018-01-04 17:18:57	@Jarwin	not the client thing
2018-01-04 17:18:59	@siddharthvipul	yeah.. just once
2018-01-04 17:19:01	@siddharthvipul	sshd
2018-01-04 17:19:03	@siddharthvipul	done
2018-01-04 17:19:04	@Jarwin	if you want to start the ssh server
2018-01-04 17:19:28	@Jarwin	Any way we'll improvise
2018-01-04 17:19:31	@siddharthvipul	nope.. just enable once.. It's not even required.. it is on  by default I guess
2018-01-04 17:19:47	@Jarwin	btw, add about the meetup in the topic
2018-01-04 17:19:53	@Jarwin	:P
2018-01-04 17:20:25	--	siddharthvipul has changed topic for #culug from "CULUG - Labyrinth | Christ University Linux User Group | To join telegram channel: https://tinyurl.com/ChristU-lug | To read code of conduct: https://tinyurl.com/labyrinthcoc | Logs available (public)" to "Agenda for upcoming meet (6th-Jan)"
2018-01-04 17:20:36	@siddharthvipul	I don't know why though
2018-01-04 17:20:38	@siddharthvipul	:p
2018-01-04 17:20:54	@Jarwin	I meant that add that there'll be a meetup on 6th  :P
2018-01-04 17:21:03	@siddharthvipul	Shit :p
2018-01-04 17:21:09	@Jarwin	not like anyone except for both of us would read. :P
2018-01-04 17:21:17	@siddharthvipul	haha
2018-01-04 17:21:37	@Jarwin	anyway, synopsis from today's meeting?
2018-01-04 17:21:38	--	siddharthvipul has changed topic for #culug from "Agenda for upcoming meet (6th-Jan)" to "[#culug] Welcome to Christ (deemed to be) University Linux user group. || Genral Rules for any group apply. You can read it out here: https://pastebin.com/mUS5mCyG || tl;dr be considerate, be patient, be helpful || Join the telegram channel at https://tinyurl.com/ChristU-lug || Logs from meetings might be made public"
2018-01-04 17:22:02	@Jarwin	and how's the poster comming?
2018-01-04 17:22:21	@siddharthvipul	I asked him, he said in progress
2018-01-04 17:22:30	@Jarwin	okay
2018-01-04 17:22:40	@Jarwin	so what's the agenda as of now
2018-01-04 17:23:16	@siddharthvipul	Can you make a draft that we can forward in different class groups about this meet
2018-01-04 17:23:33	@siddharthvipul	like whom is it for, agenda, pre-requisites etc
2018-01-04 17:23:44	@Jarwin	yeah yeah
2018-01-04 17:23:46	@siddharthvipul	Also venue, time and details
2018-01-04 17:23:47	@Jarwin	creating etherpad
2018-01-04 17:23:55	@siddharthvipul	yo
2018-01-04 17:24:21	@siddharthvipul	I have to make proposal for Genesis (blockchain event)
2018-01-04 17:24:33	@Jarwin	btw, alice_pigasus, you just installed linux, is there anything specific you'd want to get covered in the event?
2018-01-04 17:24:35	@siddharthvipul	4 lakhs sponser in total is target
2018-01-04 17:24:49	alice_pigasus	I have a few questions
2018-01-04 17:25:13	@siddharthvipul	alice_pigasus, I thought @Jarwin is @alice_pigasus
2018-01-04 17:25:17	alice_pigasus	Could we have something for that? For problems and quesions
2018-01-04 17:25:52	@siddharthvipul	alice_pigasus, explain that please :p
2018-01-04 17:26:02	@Jarwin	https://etherpad.openstack.org/p/culug_meetup_2018_01_06_agenda
2018-01-04 17:26:09	alice_pigasus	Explain what I;d like to have on the meet?
2018-01-04 17:26:31	@Jarwin	no, siddharthvipul -.- 
2018-01-04 17:26:43	@siddharthvipul	Jarwin, yeah yeah, now I know
2018-01-04 17:26:47	@siddharthvipul	:p
2018-01-04 17:26:55	@siddharthvipul	alice_pigasus, I am confused.. sorry :p
2018-01-04 17:27:07	@Jarwin	Yeah, alice_pigasus, are you reffereing to Q&A session?
2018-01-04 17:27:17	alice_pigasus	Lol, yes
2018-01-04 17:27:17	 *	Jarwin https://etherpad.openstack.org/p/culug_meetup_2018_01_06_agenda
2018-01-04 17:27:50	@Jarwin	yeah, that'll be there, apart from that is there something you think would be beneficial for first timers?
2018-01-04 17:28:06	alice_pigasus	The Q&A is not going to be limited to what we discuss in the meet, right?
2018-01-04 17:28:16	@siddharthvipul	nope.. ask whatever you want
2018-01-04 17:28:51	@siddharthvipul	well... not whatever..at least keep it tech related :p
2018-01-04 17:28:53	alice_pigasus	Well, maybe give us a task and make us do it only with terminal? Just for fun?
2018-01-04 17:28:57	alice_pigasus	Maybe not
2018-01-04 17:29:09	@Jarwin	so, an interactive session/
2018-01-04 17:29:12	@Jarwin	*?
2018-01-04 17:29:21	alice_pigasus	Yeah
2018-01-04 17:29:44	@siddharthvipul	okay
2018-01-04 17:29:48	@Jarwin	okay that can be done
2018-01-04 17:29:48	@siddharthvipul	I have an iidea
2018-01-04 17:30:06	 *	Jarwin https://etherpad.openstack.org/p/culug_meetup_2018_01_06_agenda
2018-01-04 17:30:11	@Jarwin	keep adding stuff here
2018-01-04 17:30:25	alice_pigasus	It could start with random simple tasks, but we could have levels
2018-01-04 17:30:33	alice_pigasus	just a thought
2018-01-04 17:31:29	@siddharthvipul	we can use script, we will ask them to do some steps and tasks (like change path, create 50 text files in one commands, delete half of them etc etc) and will ask them to send a pr to culug repo
2018-01-04 17:31:42	alice_pigasus	what about commands like make and stuff? It would be nice if you talk a bit about installing from binaries and stuff
2018-01-04 17:32:16	@siddharthvipul	those who score the highest, will be featured on somewhere (or will get a culug sticker as soon as it's ready
2018-01-04 17:32:36	@siddharthvipul	make and stuff, save it for future events.. you don't want to scare them
2018-01-04 17:33:07	@siddharthvipul	in this, try to show how things can be done faster and easily..
2018-01-04 17:33:55	alice_pigasus	so will it be like a challenge thing?
2018-01-04 17:35:38	@siddharthvipul	yeah.. with no embarrassment, marks won't be disclosed. Just winner's name and that he will get something
2018-01-04 17:35:50	@siddharthvipul	alice_pigasus, sorry we are busy on etherpad :p
2018-01-04 17:35:51	@Jarwin	if siddharthvipul gets some swag goodies then yeah, 
2018-01-04 17:36:06	@siddharthvipul	What do you need?
2018-01-04 17:36:24	@Jarwin	stickers mostly
2018-01-04 17:36:32	@siddharthvipul	I am working from home nowadays..
2018-01-04 17:36:49	alice_pigasus	 @siddharthvipul no problem I  have etherpad open
2018-01-04 17:36:53	@siddharthvipul	What kind of sticker
2018-01-04 17:37:05	@siddharthvipul	as in which sticker?
2018-01-04 17:37:15	alice_pigasus	Some xkcd thing
2018-01-04 17:37:35	alice_pigasus	@jarwin has the "I am a god" sticker, something about processing.
2018-01-04 17:37:53	@Jarwin	https://xkcd.com/676/
2018-01-04 17:37:55	alice_pigasus	I think hell be more n happy to give us his sticker
2018-01-04 17:38:00	alice_pigasus	@jarwin?
2018-01-04 17:38:05	alice_pigasus	*he'll
2018-01-04 17:38:08	@siddharthvipul	I have fedora sticker but that's the aluminum one.. that you put near intel sticker
2018-01-04 17:38:27	@Jarwin	can you get more fedora stickers form office?
2018-01-04 17:38:47	@siddharthvipul	I had such funky stickers, I don't like.. I usually put just organisation stickers
2018-01-04 17:39:02	@siddharthvipul	I can kill someone for vim
2018-01-04 17:39:11	 *	Jarwin hides
2018-01-04 17:39:15	@siddharthvipul	Jarwin, I am working from home
2018-01-04 17:39:39	@Jarwin	it's like so close
2018-01-04 17:39:40	@siddharthvipul	Jarwin, I sent you one right? s/IDEs/vim
2018-01-04 17:39:55	@siddharthvipul	Jarwin, too much dude :p
2018-01-04 17:39:58	@Jarwin	ywah, i guess :P
2018-01-04 17:40:06	@siddharthvipul	i want that
2018-01-04 17:40:30	alice_pigasus	@jarwin has a *lot* of stickers he doesn't share -.-
2018-01-04 17:40:39	alice_pigasus	I'm sure we could go through his stash
2018-01-04 17:40:49	@siddharthvipul	I forgot global s/IDEs/vim/g
2018-01-04 17:41:30	@siddharthvipul	Jarwin, We should share.. I have around 300-350 different
2018-01-04 17:41:39	alice_pigasus	atom is not on the editor wars :P ? Everyone hates atom?
2018-01-04 17:41:50	@siddharthvipul	I don't hate atom
2018-01-04 17:41:51	@Jarwin	YEAH FCUK ATOM
2018-01-04 17:41:57	@siddharthvipul	I just like vim and atom
2018-01-04 17:42:11	@siddharthvipul	I don't like sublime.. so fuck you Jarwin
2018-01-04 17:42:12	@Jarwin	hey, i don't have with me rn. and mostly python stickers
2018-01-04 17:42:21	@Jarwin	__|__
2018-01-04 17:42:22	alice_pigasus	YEAAAH xD Jarwin there you go
2018-01-04 17:42:47	@siddharthvipul	I have few python powered stickers.. do you have fedora loves python sticker?
2018-01-04 17:42:55	 *	Jarwin reminds to keep adding stuff in the etherpad
2018-01-04 17:43:09	alice_pigasus	yeah he does -.-
2018-01-04 17:43:14	alice_pigasus	Can't stop showing off
2018-01-04 17:43:43	@siddharthvipul	I had 3, gave two of them to audience in a talk.. then realised I just had 2 :p
2018-01-04 17:44:00	@siddharthvipul	I don't go to pycons.. so limited stock of that
2018-01-04 17:44:14	@siddharthvipul	but bhagwan ke daya se i have enough
2018-01-04 17:44:48	@Jarwin	why no pycon? xD
2018-01-04 17:45:01	@siddharthvipul	I have around 20 GitHub sticker, 5+ GitLab, gnome, linux, fedora, and all redhat products, and many more
2018-01-04 17:45:09	@siddharthvipul	including docker, k8s etc
2018-01-04 17:45:36	@siddharthvipul	no pycon coz too much.. this time I might attend as it's in blr
2018-01-04 17:45:53	@Jarwin	yeah, do attend :P
2018-01-04 17:46:13	@siddharthvipul	Do you know we even get tickets/flight tickets/ accommodation etc if we ask our manager
2018-01-04 17:46:24	@siddharthvipul	but I don't like flights
2018-01-04 17:46:41	@Jarwin	woah! nice
2018-01-04 17:46:49	@siddharthvipul	rn I want '   :wq    ' sticker
2018-01-04 17:46:50	@Jarwin	yeah sayan told about this though
2018-01-04 17:47:03	@Jarwin	i want a ":q!" :P
2018-01-04 17:47:12	@siddharthvipul	haha..
2018-01-04 17:47:32	@Jarwin	anyway, comming back to were we left off
2018-01-04 17:47:39	@siddharthvipul	damn
2018-01-04 17:48:45	@siddharthvipul	hey, I have some work to finish.. so let's wrap up fast
2018-01-04 17:48:59	@Jarwin	okay
2018-01-04 17:49:11	@Jarwin	just fill up the ehterpad and we're done
2018-01-04 17:49:28	@Jarwin	if you think there's something you'd want to add or remove
2018-01-04 17:54:25	@Jarwin	ending the meeting, anyone has anything they want to add?
2018-01-04 17:54:35	@Jarwin	cherish the etherpad link more than your life
2018-01-04 17:55:03	@Jarwin	i'll end the logging at 1800 hrs
2018-01-04 17:57:14	<--	alice_pigasus (~alice@106.51.106.2) has quit (Quit: alice_pigasus)
